after
taking some time to make my profile and
verify it by email i took some time to
set up the profile page and this is the
official zero to mastery
open c page where we will be
distributing ztm specific nfts if you
were interested
and here is also
where we will be distributing the very
first nft that ctm will ever launch as
part of this course the very very first
one
the very first nft ever
that ztm will make will be made in this
course isn't that exciting so and we'll
be showing you how we go through that
process
awesome
so let's get started
over here in the settings panel right
we're going to open that up
seems like there's a small bug here
so let's go back to openc and then let's
click it
and then let's say account my
collections
right
and then
let's say
create create and manage
collections of unique nfts to share and
sell
and then we'll create
the collection
and as part of the collection we need to
have a logo image so that logo image is
going to be
this image we'll open that up
and then
featured image
this image will be used for featuring
your collection on the home page
category collections promotions etc
and so for that you know you select a
different image
and we're gonna go with the basic ctm
branding if anything
which will be
our branding image
for both the site wide and the regular
image like the banner and the featured
image
and then we'll say what's the name of
our collection
well we'll call it
origin
and that will be the origin of
ztm's openc collection oh
that name is already taken
so we'll call it zero to mastery
and you have to find a collection name
that's actually available for you right
you can also customize the url if you
wanted to so we'll do zero to
mastery
as a url
and we'll do our standard learn to code
get hired as a description
right what category are we
art trading cards collectibles sports
utility
well i'll put us an art
you can select a maximum of one category
that's very important to note here
and then there are certain links that
you could fill out here
for your collection royalties that can
be paid out collect the fee
when a user resells your item this is
deducted from the final sales price and
pay it out on a monthly basis and we can
fill out percentage and then we can say
what are the payment tokens that we
accept right do we accept ethereum or
polygon we're going to stick to ethereum
and you can fill out the percentage of
royalties you want to get for your
collection
based on what you think is fair
then display a theme
we'll do contained covered padded these
are how your nfts will be displayed in
your collection
explicit or sensitive content
right and so some of this
is very important
uh if you need to set your collection as
explicit content you
toggle this toggle over here
so we're going to go with covered
we do not have explicit content and then
you can go and create a collection and
that's how it goes
oh also don't forget if you fill in a
royalty you have to fill in the address
that it needs to go to
and so once we hit create over here you
can see the zero to mastery collection
currently there are no items in the
collection and will be minting the very
first item
right here right now